[ADD] social marketing: added social marketing documentation to v14 (#2554)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/social_marketing/essentials/social_campaigns.rst

==========================
Social marketing campaigns
==========================

> Social marketing campaigns help companies connect directly with the marketplace. These campaigns
> are vital when introducing a new product to customers, explaining the value of a service/product,
> or advertising an upcoming event or product release.
> 
> The most effective social marketing campaigns involve multiple channels, so it's important to have
> a reliable solution to help with the planning, posting, tracking, and analyzing of content.

Reviewer: Suggestion: wording/specificity 

```suggestion
Social marketing campaigns help companies connect directly with the marketplace. These campaigns
are helpful when introducing a new product to customers, explaining the value of a product or service,
or when advertising an upcoming event or product release.

The most effective social marketing campaigns typically involve multiple channels to maximize
content distribution, and Odoo's *Social Marketing* application acts as a singular control center to
monitor, plan, post, track, and analyze all of the various content and content channels within a
single dashboard.
```

Campaigns page
==============

To access a complete overview of all social marketing campaigns, open the :menuselection:`Social
Marketing` application, and click :menuselection:`Campaigns` from the header menu. Doing so reveals
a separate page with every campaign in a default kanban view.

.. image:: social_campaigns/campaigns-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the campaigns page in the Odoo Social Marketing application.

> Each *stage* in the kanban view can be edited, by clicking the "gear" icon to the left of the "+"
> (plus sign) - located to the right of the stage title.
> 
> The "gear" icon only appears when the cursor hovers to the left of the "+" (plus sign). When the
> "gear" icon is clicked, a drop-down menu reveals the options: *Fold*, *Edit Stage*, and *Delete*.

Reviewer: I know there's some uncertainty around guilabel use and icons.
Imo it makes more sense to use them because we're instructing or hinting at the user to click them.
Ideally, I'd love to use emojis here (maybe one day).

Here's what I suggest, with that in mind, and also turning the second sentence into a **note**:
```suggestion
Each *stage* in the kanban view can be edited, by clicking the :guilabel:`gear icon` to the left of
the :guilabel:` + (plus sign icon)` - located to the right of the stage title.

.. note::
   The **gear icon** *only* appears when the cursor hovers to the left of the ** + (plus sign
   icon)**. When the gear icon is clicked, a drop-down menu reveals the options: :guilabel:`Fold`,
   :guilabel:`Edit Stage`, and :guilabel:`Delete`.
```

.. image:: social_campaigns/campaign-stage-dropdown.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the campaigns page in the Odoo Social Marketing application.

> Clicking *Fold* minimizes that specific stage's column. The stage column can be restored by clicking
> the folded version of it on the main *Campaigns* page in the default kanban view.
> 
> Selecting *Edit Stage* reveals a pop-up, in which the name and the sequence of the stage can be
> modified. If changes are made, be sure to click :guilabel:`Save`.
> 
> Clicking *Delete* removes the stage entirely.

Reviewer: Since we're actively on this dashboard and providing a UI walk-through, these get guilabels.

```suggestion
Clicking :guilabel:`Fold` minimizes that specific stage's column. The stage column can be restored
by clicking the folded version of it on the main :guilabel:`Campaigns` dashboard in the default
kanban view.

Selecting :guilabel:`Edit Stage` reveals a pop-up window, in which the name and the sequence of the
stage can be modified. If changes are made, be sure to click :guilabel:`Save`.

Clicking :guilabel:`Delete` removes the stage entirely.
```

cc: @samueljlieber

> .. note::
>    To add a new stage to the pipeline, side-scroll to the right on the *Campaigns* page, click
>    :guilabel:`Add a Column`, enter in the desired information, and click :guilabel:`Add`.

Reviewer: **Campaigns** is the dashboard heading that we're  currently on, so it gets a guilabel.

```suggestion
.. note::
   To add a new stage to the pipeline, side-scroll to the right on the :guilabel:`Campaigns`
   dashboard, click :guilabel:`Add a Column`, enter in the desired information, and click
   :guilabel:`Add`.
```

When all modifications are complete, click :guilabel:`Add` to add the campaign to the database.

Edit social marketing campaigns
===============================

In order to edit a campaign in greater detail, and create/send various forms of communications
related to it, the template page for that campaign must be accessed and modified, accordingly.
There are multiple ways to access a template page for a campaign.

- After entering the pertinent information in the :guilabel:`Quick Add` campaign drop-down, click
  :guilabel:`Edit`.
- Simply select the desired campaign from the *Campaigns* page in list or kanban view.
- On the *Campaigns* page in the kanban view, select the "three dot" drop-down menu on the desired
  campaign, and select :guilabel:`Edit`.

Any of the above routes will reveal the campaign template page for that specific campaign.

Social marketing campaign templates
===================================

On a campaign template page, numerous elements can be customized/modified, and various forms of
communications can be created, modified, and sent or scheduled. Below is a sample of a completed
campaign template.

> .. image:: social_campaigns/create-campaign.png

Author: For sure. I believe the majority of this doc was done awhile back, so there were a few more issues than usual, but I really appreciate you pointing them out/fixing them!
